okay
yes
mmm
ohh
Lately, what's bad about it?
ohhh
Mmm
MMmm
Yeah, we just said Finn was good.  Oh, okay, okay.
you
Finn yeah
And I'm really good I
explaining the concept, which is obviously the main part.
But she doesn't do many examples in class.
The exams are similar to the homework, but he doesn't.
Yeah, so the hallmark's where you get the exact spotlight.
Applying it you have to kind of learn on your own.
Ruben
But I don't think he teaches regularly.
You don't have to worry about him.
okay mam yeah
oh Wait my friend
at UC San Diego told me that they use iCooker remotes.
yeah physical remotes and they cost like 40 yeah
No, no, no like yourself has to buy this $50. I click a remote
this big
yeah it's not an app its (***) yeah
I guess, but I also think they just have an old system. at that point
its (***) location
Exactly, and they have to pay, it's like 50 bucks. i know
KATHRYN Taking a look at your forecast tonight...
Yeah.
I don't know  Yes.
yes
oka
But unless you memorize the reactions, you don't know what could happen.
you know i mean
mmm
mm
I think it's both.
Yeah, its like
Part of the exam for us was like arrow pushing, right?
yeah so that's conceptual like knowing how it moves but like
for like the ones where you like fill in what the react
or the product is, that's mainly memorization.
knowing like what happens before and after.
mm
(***) I think she's comp bio.
(***) Yeah, yeah, but she still has to do the LS core stuff
so and she is (***)
I think she likes math more.
(***)
(***) has pretty cool like concentrations you can do early
yeah there's a bioinformatics (*** ) and like
I forgot the other ones, but...
Like, all, I feel like the rest of them were like, sci majors.
You don't really get a concentration. It's kind of broad. Do they?
Oh, for real? Okay. It's just my major. Okay.
yeah huhuu
does biochem have concentration?
Mmm